=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Crypt::PBC::WIBE - Perl implementation of the Boneh–Boyen–Goh Wildcarded Identity-Based Encryption scheme (WIBE-BBG) [1].

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Crypt::PBC::WIBE;

    # Create a new instance, generate public, master secret key
    my $wibe = new Crypt::PBC::WIBE( L => 2 );

    # Derive Key for Alice, Bob
    my $alice = $wibe->derive(1);
    my $bob = $wibe->derive(2);

    # Derive Subkey (notice: same ID!) for friend of alice
    my $carol = $alice->derive(1);

    # Recap: Alice now has the ID vector [1]
    # and carol (friend of alice) has [1,1]

    # Pattern: Allow all friends (*)
    my $pattern = ['*'];

    # Create a random element from Crypt::PBC
    my $msg = $wibe->pairing->init_GT->random;

    my $cipher = $wibe->encrypt_element($pattern, $msg);

    die "Alice should be able to decrypt"
    unless $alice->decrypt_element($cipher)->is_eq($msg);

    die "Carol must be unable to decrypt"
    if $carol->decrypt_element($cipher)->is_eq($msg);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides an implementation to the Boneh–Boyen–Goh Wildcarded Identity-Based Encryption scheme
as proposed by Abdalla et al. [1].

This implementation relies on the PBC library and thus, its Perl bindings L<Crypt::PBC>.

=head1 DISCLAIMER

This module is part of a prototype implementation of the Boneh-Gentry-Goh WIBE.
While it works fine in my tests, I advise against using it for anything productive other than experimental work.

L<I appreciate your input|https://github.com/oliverguenther/Crypt-PBC-WIBE/issues> on anything you might encounter while using this module.

=head1 REFERENCES

=over 4

=item 1.

Michel Abdalla et. al. - Wildcarded Identity-Based Encryption. Journal of Cryptology: Volume 24, Issue 1 , pp 42-82. http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs00145-010-9060-3

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<Crypt::PBC> - PBC wrapper for Perl by Paul Miller this implementation relies on.

=item *

L<http://crypto.stanford.edu/pbc/> - PBC library.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Oliver Günther <mail@oliverguenther.de>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2014 by Oliver Günther

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
